WIFI: gmoneyhanalei 
Password: R0berto99 

Main House Key Code: 2337
Guest House Key Code: 2338

​
Text Gregg at 303.803.8576 or Nicole at 616.560.1402 with any questions! 
​
​
​
There is a master set of physical house keys in the outdoor closet (in the Mr. Clean box)next to the main house side door in case keypads do not work.  
Best to leave fans on inside and outside at all times for general air flow.  You can control fan speed and lights with each fan remote. 
AC Units each have their own remote, please don’t leave them on all day and night but feel free to use as often as you like to cool down the house when the doors and windows are closed.  Alternatively you can open up the top louver (Jalousie) windows there is a pole in the outside closet to help reach them.  If you open a few of them on opposing sides of the house this will create a nice airflow through the house without needing AC.
Hanalei tap water is fine to drink but we use the Brita Filters pitchers and store them in the refrigerators. 
Automatic coffee machine is pretty self service once you get the hang of it, once you turn it on and select the gear icon on the screen there is a brief tutorial.  In short, select your drink type first, start with the portafter in the grind location and then secure into the brew location. There is a reservoir for coffee beans on top that needs to be refilled. There are great beans sold at the Hanalei bread company or Hanalei market (our favorite is Outpost coffee). There is also a water reservoir that fills from the top (use filtered water) 
Please pull the BBQ away from the house 3 feet or so before lighting so as not to scorch the side of the house.  The auto lighter for the BBQ does not work so you need to manually light with a long lighter. 
You can turn both shower heads on in the indoor shower on and off by depressing the left button.
Apple TV is hooked up, feel free to use our account on any of the major streaming services and Youtube TV for broadcast channels. 
You can use the portable bluetooth speaker by pairing with MEGABOOM 3 or Sonos speakers by using Airplay and selecting LIVING ROOM. 
Note that the garbage disposal in the main house works but is very quiet so don’t forget to turn it off. 
Try not to leave out any foodstuffs on the kitchen counter any crumbs, open fruit, etc will quickly attract ants which quickly attract other critters.   I would also recommend taking out the garbage once a day if being heavily used.   Garbage can is on the far side of the garage towards the main street.  Garbage day is early Thursday morning so bring the can out to the street (Aku) Wednesday night.   
There are replacement kitchen garbage bags in the drawer in the garbage cabinet. 
We have two drawer type refrigerators one of which has a freezer, make sure they are closed all the way after opening as they are easily left ajar. 
Feel free to use the laundry on the side of the main house, extra toilet paper and paper towels are kept on the shelves above the laundry room.   There is a door lock at the bottom inside of the left laundry room door, lock that and close the door all the way so that wind doesn't blow it open. 
There is a closet right outside of the side door of the main house with cleaning supplies and vacuum. 
When you leave the house please don’t leave any perishable or non perishable food in the fridges or pantries. 
Please don’t sit on the outdoor furniture on the porch (lanai) with wet clothes or it will mildew quickly. 
Please remove shoes and flip flops before entering the house. There is a foot washer on the side of the main house to make sand management even more enjoyable. 
Sliding glass door in the master bedroom needs to be closed forcefully if you want to lock it. 
​

GUEST (OHANA) HOUSE USAGE TIPS

Garbage disposal in the guest house does not work so don’t put foodstuffs in the sink. 
Sheets for the pull out couch are tan colored and in one of the drawers upstairs in the loft.. 
Feel free to use the streaming apps on the smart TV access by pushing the home button on the TV.
Keep a twin fitted sheet on the couch cushions and don’t sit down on the couch with wet swimsuits. 
Rinse off sandy feet and remove shoes before entering the guest house. 


RESTAURANT TIPS

Both Ama (Ramen)  and Bar Acuda are fantastic but you usually need to make reservations very far in advance.   You can try to line up early at 5:15PM before 5:30PM opening or so to get first come first serve empty tables.
Dolphin sushi restaurant does not accept reservations, you can put your name down starting at 4:45PM to get tables at 5PM.   There is a fantastic fish market with local fresh fish and poke and sushi rolls behind the Dolphin restaurant. 
Hanalei Bread Company opens at 7AM and has a wide selection of baked goods, coffees, smoothies, and breakfast.   Pick up a loaf of their fresh sourdough bread in the moring! 
Most weekdays Pat’s Taco truck is parked down by the Pier.   They have fantastic fish and kalua pork tacos. 
Hanalei Pizza Shop has surprisingly good pizza as individual slices or for whole pizza takeaway. 
Kalypso and Tahiti Nui both have great casual bar food, because they are so close to the house we often put our name down and come back to the house and wait for the text.  The Nui has live music a few nights a week so you might hear it from the house without even going ! 
There is a group of food trucks in town which have great food, our favorite is Fresh Bite.  
The One Hotel has a great sushi bar overlooking the entire bay, it is a fantastic experience around sunset.  Reservations required. 
The Hanalei Market has a great selection of natural products but is more expensive and the Big Save grocery store across the street is great for staples. 
A fun excursion out of town is going to Opakapaka, it is about 15 minutes outside of town and the only restaurant on the water. 